this doesn't make any sense this is john
perfect john looking for barbara morgan
she may know things about my husband
i thought you were pregnant i kind of
liked it you're in remission oh thank
god
you do together i dated his roommate
joel was supposed to be on that flight
he wouldn't let himself move past it
i had to i was pregnant to you this is
your baby i could tell you
it's not john's baby your son doesn't
know what happened to his father
mitch is his father every time i was
with her you were humiliating me do you
love her
my daughter comes home today i can't
even call her my
daughter we want you to have something
of dad
it's okay mom our dad's not here
everywhere i turn there's andrew
stepping on my toes he's the reason
we're open in the first place don't be
so hard
on your mom we all cope in different
ways i'm not calling for help i'm
calling volunteer
this is the car people get when they're
having kids i think we should get it
what's going on did he say elliot is not
as open with his family you outed a 12
year old hard to remember tomorrow with
you
the money for the restaurant came from
neil who's neil her uncle
don't go i need you to help me get
through when i was younger
i let him touch me what he did was
sexual assault your mom is sitting by
herself
in a restaurant talk to her maggie i'm
giving away the money to a woman she'll
download your money
we don't want it mitch i don't want my
son finding out i've been lying to him
his whole life
john i just wish i could talk to him you
have to forgive yourself i think john
might be my father
she's a lot of bags for just the weekend
um it's
just the weekend right i've left your
father
whatever we did whatever happened we
also created a life
after chad died i just so wanted to
believe that he was still here
that's what maggie wants i was able to
get you a 60-day extension on the
foreclosure you all lose a house
you come to boston to see me or him i
want to take on a line of credit i want
to give andrew his money back
let me help you what is he doing here
i'm directing this commercial no you
hate directions no let me help you baby
about the night chad died eric has your
brother's heart we figure out what we're
gonna be
did you lose somebody too my fiance like
it or not
you and i are gonna be in each other's
life i haven't played since i got sick
well you're not sick anymore open mic
night i missed the first three months of
theo's life because i was in rehab now
i'm here and i know exactly what i'm
missing i've been fighting with my dad
we're just so different mommy how was
your child
i told him about your big case in the
grand canyon we decided charlie was
gonna be john's baby
so things would be easier for the kids
go back to normal and he found this at
the dog shelter you've been looking for
him since last year
aj's getting digits pj's not just some
random kid
he might be john's son i
lost my brother in a car accident is he
the reason you don't drive i applied to
risd you did sweetie is there any way
that you guys could help me out
you know we don't have that kind of
money what are these i have clinical
depressions didn't wait for pj to open
this you should know first and be ready
to help him with whatever the truth is
oh my god sorry i i'm so stupid i'm
making the decision to be the best
father i can be for
charlie that means being honest with
both of my children i would be honored
if you go on that cruise with me
are we okay i'm still trying to figure
out who i am without cancer
john is pj's father i want a baby
i want a happy ending so where do we go
from here i'm a good lawyer you do not
want to go up against her why haven't
you told maggie you were fired apply for
some fellowship
oxford dna test it was under the bed
it's gone pj's barbara morgan's son
why didn't you tell me i almost lost you
eight months ago but today
you were strong unafraid saying i want
to adopt a baby nine months ago i sat
here as a breast cancer survivor today
i'm
in love with a breast cancer survivor
school musical you guys are doing grease
ellie got calm back too your ex here's
the form you wanted it says that you're
charlie's father you keep saying you
need to know who you are without cancer
maybe i need to figure out who i am
without you
just there's something we need to talk
about it's about charlie
and me yeah he spoke at his
girl i trusted you i'm helping her move
right now
i'm gonna tell her now it's just not the
right time you're gonna be this sexually
active you need to be careful i haven't
been with anyone since
i'm worried about you i saved your life
you picked me up from jail
or even that script of yours suicide
thing that's a tough self
there is stuff going on with your mom
that you haven't addressed
there's something we want to talk to you
about i think he's struggling with you
guys
almost getting divorced and then a new
baby half sister
take care of her me wells jake what are
you doing
oh i didn't get anything we needed so
you had to go get it from
eric this is not on you i could have
handled myself better
you told me when i was ready to tell you
about elliott you were ready to listen
when you're ready to tell me that you're
still in love with maggie i'm ready
so are you a musician too you ever hear
of the red ferns
really being our birth mother i'm sorry
i said i didn't know where the father is
but i do know where he is
i just don't want him to know where i am
i was wrong we can just be friends
i was just thinking the same thing your
suitcase you got us not that great
can you please listen mom she died pop
try
i found those in the pink sleeping bag
pancakes in case
soph gets the munchies that was oxford
how do you get the fellowship hello rome
hey isaac martin you're open sending me
yourself
your hand lindsay is an alcoholic and i
have the same problem
oh my god what's wrong that's him that's
there
whoa whoa whoa did the band start
without me i'm gonna go with him
and get him to sign the consent form he
finally did it i go to my job
it doesn't have to mean anything just
have some fun since i've been sober i've
been thinking a lot do you remember the
lake house you ever wonder why we
stopped going of course i'm still
interested in the fellowship i would
love to do it i was thinking what if we
were new to our vows
much pressure on our relationship i
screwed up rome and i
we're adopting if you had said that when
we broke up maybe we would still
be together you not he's still in love
with you it was active duty for 18
months
thank you for your service i have
something for you
you think i'm running from gary i am
going to oxford maybe i'm trying to find
a reason to stay i had a dream about
alex
i need to know what happened the night
she died just tell me everything you
remember
i love you guys i can't be in your lives
after the babies
it was our last night at the lake house
you and alex got pretty messed up i went
to check on you you weren't soaking wet
but
do we really the next morning the police
had pulled alex's body from
i am not supposed to tell you this
maggie's going to hop it's been 20 years
why are you calling
please colleen please what does that
make me fresh start
can you take me back home 10 years ago
today he got sober
i didn't believe in you then but i
believe in you now what it wins
stop it i already wrecked your wedding
once
i'm not wrecking okay i'm sorry gina we
have to leave right now
what why eve is in labor
we're having a baby earlier when maggie
walked in
you dropped my hand i don't
make a big deal out of nothing but if
it's not nothing i need to know
but eddie we need to talk
everything was happening so fast and
they rushed her out of there
and i heard them say that eve was
showing signs of preceptor preeclampsia
according to this it's an increase in
heart rate sorry such a huge crush on
you
do you remember the carnival did you
drown i know but how
i don't know yes you do you know
something i was drunk and i don't
remember was there anything in the
pockets
i don't know well where did you put them
i hid them
when i saw the police i freaked out i
didn't want you getting in trouble
scary i was so lost even before i got
sick again
because of my brother and everything and
but then you came into my life and you
changed
everything i've spent so much time now
what i realized is
i don't want my life without you you
were gonna come with me to oxford before
[Music]
i would love it if you'd still do that
do you
have any idea how many times i've wanted
to hear you say that to me i opened my
eyes
and i didn't think about you i i did all
the things i gave you your space i
i hit rock bottom i i went to see my
train wreck mother who abandoned me
i'm sorry maggie
you're too late just wanted to tell you
that even the baby are fine
that was quick i like you gary i like
you a lot
i really do so decide what you want
let me know it's okay do you guys have a
name picked out
you do we do i'd love to name him john
know each other
yes
you want to talk to us babe
[Music]
she changed them i realized for the
first time
i can do this i can raise this baby on
my own
in the bracelet i got her it was in my
pocket
i remember now it slipped off her hand
when i tried to grab that's why my
clothes were wet
if it weren't for me she'd be alive
right now and i couldn't let you fly to
oxford without
telling you how sorry i was
[Music]
you're not coming with me
no no but once again
our timing is the worst
so go to oxford have the best time ever
and when you get back colin and i are
going to want to hear all about it betty
thank god
where are you are you okay yeah
i'm okay and tonight i want to do the
vows
even if it's just you and me i love you
[Music]
too
you